1

On Christmas day, Donald Trump announced that he would  be back to work  the following day, but he is golfing for the fourth day in a row. The former reality show star blasted former President Barack Obama for playing golf and now Trump is on track to outpace the number of golf games his predecessor played.Updated my tracker of Trump s appearances at Trump properties.71 rounds of golf including today s. At this pace, he ll pass Obama s first-term total by July 24 next year. https://t.co/Fg7VacxRtJ pic.twitter.com/5gEMcjQTbH  Philip Bump (@pbump) December 29, 2017 That makes what a Washington Post reporter discovered on Trump s website really weird, but everything about this administration is bizarre AF. The coding contained a reference to Obama and golf:  Unlike Obama, we are working to fix the problem   and not on the golf course.  However, the coding wasn t done correctly.The website of Donald Trump, who has spent several days in a row at the golf course, is coded to serve up the following message in the event of an internal server error: https://t.co/zrWpyMXRcz pic.twitter.com/wiQSQNNzw0  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 28, 2017That snippet of code appears to be on all https://t.co/dkhw0AlHB4 pages, which the footer says is paid for by the RNC? pic.twitter.com/oaZDT126B3  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 28, 2017It s also all over https://t.co/ayBlGmk65Z. As others have noted in this thread, this is weird code and it s not clear it would ever actually display, but who knows.  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 28, 2017After the coding was called out, the reference to Obama was deleted.UPDATE: The golf error message has been removed from the Trump and GOP websites. They also fixed the javascript  =  vs  ==  problem. Still not clear when these messages would actually display, since the actual 404 (and presumably 500) page displays a different message pic.twitter.com/Z7dmyQ5smy  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 29, 2017That suggests someone at either RNC or the Trump admin is sensitive enough to Trump s golf problem to make this issue go away quickly once people noticed. You have no idea how much I d love to see the email exchange that led us here.  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 29, 2017 The code was f-cked up.The best part about this is that they are using the  =  (assignment) operator which means that bit of code will never get run. If you look a few lines up  errorCode  will always be  404          (@tw1trsux) December 28, 2017trump s coders can t code. Nobody is surprised.  Tim Peterson (@timrpeterson) December 28, 2017Donald Trump is obsessed with Obama that his name was even in the coding of his website while he played golf again.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images.

2
Donald Trump just couldn't wish all Americans a Happy New Year and leave it at that. Instead, he had to give a shout out to his enemies, haters and  the very dishonest fake news media.  The former reality show star had just one job to do and he couldn t do it. As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year,  President Angry Pants tweeted.  2018 will be a great year for America! As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 31, 2017Trump s tweet went down about as welll as you d expect.What kind of president sends a New Year s greeting like this despicable, petty, infantile gibberish? Only Trump! His lack of decency won t even allow him to rise above the gutter long enough to wish the American citizens a happy new year!  Bishop Talbert Swan (@TalbertSwan) December 31, 2017no one likes you  Calvin (@calvinstowell) December 31, 2017Your impeachment would make 2018 a great year for America, but I ll also accept regaining control of Congress.  Miranda Yaver (@mirandayaver) December 31, 2017Do you hear yourself talk? When you have to include that many people that hate you you have to wonder? Why do the they all hate me?  Alan Sandoval (@AlanSandoval13) December 31, 2017Who uses the word Haters in a New Years wish??  Marlene (@marlene399) December 31, 2017You can t just say happy new year?  Koren pollitt (@Korencarpenter) December 31, 2017Here s Trump s New Year s Eve tweet from 2016.Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don t know what to do. Love!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 31, 2016This is nothing new for Trump. He s been doing this for years.Trump has directed messages to his  enemies  and  haters  for New Year s, Easter, Thanksgiving, and the anniversary of 9/11. pic.twitter.com/4FPAe2KypA  Daniel Dale (@ddale8) December 31, 2017Trump s holiday tweets are clearly not presidential.How long did he work at Hallmark before becoming President?  Steven Goodine (@SGoodine) December 31, 2017He s always been like this . . . the only difference is that in the last few years, his filter has been breaking down.  Roy Schulze (@thbthttt) December 31, 2017Who, apart from a teenager uses the term haters?  Wendy (@WendyWhistles) December 31, 2017he s a fucking 5 year old  Who Knows (@rainyday80) December 31, 2017So, to all the people who voted for this a hole thinking he would change once he got into power, you were wrong! 70-year-old men don t change and now he s a year older.Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images.

3
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes is going to have a bad day. He s been under the assumption, like many of us, that the Christopher Steele-dossier was what prompted the Russia investigation so he s been lashing out at the Department of Justice and the FBI in order to protect Trump. As it happens, the dossier is not what started the investigation, according to documents obtained by the New York Times.Former Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos was drunk in a wine bar when he revealed knowledge of Russian opposition research on Hillary Clinton.On top of that, Papadopoulos wasn t just a covfefe boy for Trump, as his administration has alleged. He had a much larger role, but none so damning as being a drunken fool in a wine bar. Coffee boys  don t help to arrange a New York meeting between Trump and President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt two months before the election. It was known before that the former aide set up meetings with world leaders for Trump, but team Trump ran with him being merely a coffee boy.In May 2016, Papadopoulos revealed to Australian diplomat Alexander Downer that Russian officials were shopping around possible dirt on then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Exactly how much Mr. Papadopoulos said that night at the Kensington Wine Rooms with the Australian, Alexander Downer, is unclear,  the report states.  But two months later, when leaked Democratic emails began appearing online, Australian officials passed the information about Mr. Papadopoulos to their American counterparts, according to four current and former American and foreign officials with direct knowledge of the Australians  role. Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the F.B.I. and is now a cooperating witness with Special Counsel Robert Mueller s team.This isn t a presidency. It s a badly scripted reality TV show.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.

4
On Christmas day, Donald Trump announced that he would  be back to work  the following day, but he is golfing for the fourth day in a row. The former reality show star blasted former President Barack Obama for playing golf and now Trump is on track to outpace the number of golf games his predecessor played.Updated my tracker of Trump s appearances at Trump properties.71 rounds of golf including today s. At this pace, he ll pass Obama s first-term total by July 24 next year. https://t.co/Fg7VacxRtJ pic.twitter.com/5gEMcjQTbH  Philip Bump (@pbump) December 29, 2017 That makes what a Washington Post reporter discovered on Trump s website really weird, but everything about this administration is bizarre AF. The coding contained a reference to Obama and golf:  Unlike Obama, we are working to fix the problem   and not on the golf course.  However, the coding wasn t done correctly.The website of Donald Trump, who has spent several days in a row at the golf course, is coded to serve up the following message in the event of an internal server error: https://t.co/zrWpyMXRcz pic.twitter.com/wiQSQNNzw0  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 28, 2017That snippet of code appears to be on all https://t.co/dkhw0AlHB4 pages, which the footer says is paid for by the RNC? pic.twitter.com/oaZDT126B3  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 28, 2017It s also all over https://t.co/ayBlGmk65Z. As others have noted in this thread, this is weird code and it s not clear it would ever actually display, but who knows.  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 28, 2017After the coding was called out, the reference to Obama was deleted.UPDATE: The golf error message has been removed from the Trump and GOP websites. They also fixed the javascript  =  vs  ==  problem. Still not clear when these messages would actually display, since the actual 404 (and presumably 500) page displays a different message pic.twitter.com/Z7dmyQ5smy  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 29, 2017That suggests someone at either RNC or the Trump admin is sensitive enough to Trump s golf problem to make this issue go away quickly once people noticed. You have no idea how much I d love to see the email exchange that led us here.  Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) December 29, 2017 The code was f-cked up.The best part about this is that they are using the  =  (assignment) operator which means that bit of code will never get run. If you look a few lines up  errorCode  will always be  404          (@tw1trsux) December 28, 2017trump s coders can t code. Nobody is surprised.  Tim Peterson (@timrpeterson) December 28, 2017Donald Trump is obsessed with Obama that his name was even in the coding of his website while he played golf again.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images.

5
Donald Trump spent a good portion of his day at his golf club, marking the 84th day he s done so since taking the oath of office. It must have been a bad game because just after that, Trump lashed out at FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe on Twitter following a report saying McCabe plans to retire in a few months. The report follows McCabe s testimony in front of congressional committees this week, as well as mounting criticism from Republicans regarding the Russia probe.So, naturally, Trump attacked McCabe with a lie. How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin  James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?  Trump tweeted.How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin  James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017He didn t stop there.FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017Wow,  FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,  according to @FoxNews.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017With all of the Intel at Trump s disposal, he s getting his information from Fox News. McCabe spent most of his career in the fight against terrorism and now he s being attacked by the so-called president. Trump has been fact-checked before on his claim of his wife receiving $700,000 for her campaign. Politifact noted in late July that Trump s  tweet about Andrew McCabe is a significant distortion of the facts. And the implication that McCabe got Clinton off as a political favor doesn t make much sense when we look at the evidence. His July tweet was rated  mostly false.  But Trump repeats these lies because he knows his supporters will believe them without bothering to Google. It s still a lie, though.Photo by Zach Gibson   Pool/Getty Images.

6
A Russian lawmaker who just returned from a visit to Pyongyang has said North Korea is preparing to launch another missile  in the nearest future .Anton Morozov, of the nationalist Liberal-Democratic Party, added that he has seen calculations showing the missile can hit the US West Coast.Mr Morozov also said the North Koreans told him they have technology that would allow them to bring a warhead back down to earth intact.The Party Foundation Anniversary, in which North Koreans celebrate the founding of their ruling communist party, is due to take place on Tuesday next week.Monday is also Columbus Day in the US, meaning any potential launch would be very likely to happen on either of those two days. Kim Jong Un usually times missile tests to coincide with American public holidays to ensure maximum media coverage. The last major test conducted on a public holiday was a missile launch on the 4th of July, which Kim said was  a gift for the American b******* .The news comes after President Trump discussed the North Korean situation with military leaders on Thursday, describing the moment as  the calm before the storm .Reporter: "What storm Mr. President?"President Trump: "You'll find out."https://t.co/FEBb9ybmB1 pic.twitter.com/QTD7L2xdRn  HLN (@HLNTV) October 6, 2017When quizzed by reporters about what he meant, Trump said:  You ll find out. The news also comes after Kim threatened to tame Donald Trump  with fire  after the President threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea in a speech to the UN.In an unprecedented personal address to President Trump, Kim said the US would  pay dearly  adding that North Korea  will consider with seriousness exercising of a corresponding, highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history.   Daily Mail 
